NetWork Card
	A network interface card (NIC) is neccessary if you connect your red hat linux pc to a local area network(LAN), which is usually an Ethernet network. if you are configuring a server, you certainly want to configure a network card. Red Hat Linux supports a varity of Ethernet network cards. ARCnet and IBM's token ring network are also supported. Check the hardware list on the Red HAT site to see if your NIC is supported. Nearly all NIC's currently in use are supported. 	
		For any Red Hat Linux PC connected to a network, you need the following information
		PC hostname
		domain name of the network 
		ip address of the pc(if provided by server DHCP server address)
		gateway address
		ip address and name servers
Examining the Network Configureation Files
	Files to change when setting up a system or moving the system
	starting up network services
	starting up network services form the rc scripts
	other important network configuation files you can find in /etc/sysconfig directory

	Files to Change when setting up a system or moving the system
		Whenever you set up a system network to work on a new network, either because you have just installed Red At or you'are moving machine from one location to another, a set of files need to be modified to get it working on the new network. 

		Setup your ip address of your network interfaces. Make changes to 
		/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0
				Ethernet Interfaces
					One of the most common interface file is /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth0, which controlls the first ethernet Network interface card of NIC in the system, in s system with multiple NIC's there are multiple ifcfg-X(where X represents a specific network interface). Because each device has its own configuration file, the administrator can controll how each network interface fucntions individually,
					The following is the sample of ifcfg-eth0 file for a system using a fixed ip

					DEVICE=eth0           						(NAME OF NIC)
					BOOTPROTO=none 						(HOW SERVER WILL GET IP ADDRESS) dhcp,static,none
					ONBOOT=yes									(Everytime when server boots up)
					TYPE=Ethernet  							(how your machine is connected to the other machines)


		Setup hostname of your machine. make changes to 
		/etc/sysconfig/network
		/etc/hosts

		Setup default gateway make changes to 
		/etc/default-route

		set up DNS servers to refrence. Make changes to :
		/etc/resolv.conf

		Make a local file of hostname IP address mappings. make changes to
		/etc/hosts

		set up the device order from which hostnames are looked up . make change to 
		/etc/nsswitch.conf

		Starting up network services form xinetd
		/etc/xinetd.conf

		the telnet config file in the xinetd.d
		/etc/xinet.d/telnet

		Starting up network services from the rc scripts

		Other important network configuration files in the /etc/sysconfig directory

		Static-Route
			netwrok-interfaces net network netmask gw gateway
		IP TABLES
		IP CHAINS

		Network Configuration files in /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts
			ifcfg-networkinterfaceneame
			IFUP AND IFDOWN

		Managing The init Scripts
			chckconfig

			usually Red Hat linux starts up in multiuser mode with networking turnedon. these are some of the other runlevels availabel
			0. halt
			1. single-user mode
			2. Multiuser mode, without networking
			3.full multiusermode 
			4. Not used
			5. Full multiuser mode (with X based login Screen)
			6. reboot

			the system boots into the default runlevel set in
				/etc/inittab

		Managing the rc Scripts by hand
				/etc/rc3.d
				/etc/rc6.d

		Managing rc Scripts using chkconfig
					to turn a service off or on using chkconfig, use the syntax:
					chkconfig servicename off|on|reset

					chkconfig wu-ftpd off
					chkconfig xinetd on
TCP/IP Explained
Understand Network Classes
Setting up network interface Card(NIC)
Configuring the Network Card
Configuring the internal Network
Understand Subnetting
Interpreting IP numbers
Before you Subnet Your Network
	Before you can subnet you network , you need to make some choices and gather some information. 
	First you need to decide the number of hosts of each of your subnets so you can determine how many IP addresses you need. Earlier in this Chapter you set up an Eternet interface using the reserverd inernal class C netwrok 192.168.1..0 you will continue to use this number ofr the subnetting examle.

	Every IP network has two addresses that cannot be used - the network IP number itself and the broadcast address. whenever you subnetwork the IP network you are creating additional addresses that are unusable. For each subnet you crate. two addresses unusable. the subnet's network IP address and its broadcast address. 

Class InterDomain Routing(CIDR)
GateWay and Routers
Configuring Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol(DHCP)
Configuring the PPP connection(point to Point)
Configuring PPP server
CHAP Security
Configuring a PPP client
Setting up a PPP connection
Configuring IP Masquerading


THE Network File System(NFS)
	NFS Overview
		NFS, the Netwrok file system, is the most common method for providing file sharing serviecs on Linux and Unix Networks. Is is distributed file System that enables lcoal access to remote discks and file systems. Indeed, in a properly designed and implemented NFS enviourment, NFS's operation is totally transparent to clients using remote file system. NFS is also populer file sharing protocol, so NFS clients are available so many non-Unix operating Systems, including the Various Windows versions,MacOS, 


